Create 2025-04-08.md (#876)
spdx/meetings: tech/2025/2025-04-08.md

# SPDX Tech Team Meeting 2025-04-08

## Attendees

- Alfred Strauch
- Arthit Suriyawongkul
- Bob Martin
- Dick Brooks
- Illan Schifter
- Joshua Watt
- Karsten Klein
- Kate Stewart
- Nisha Kumar
- Steven Carbno
- Victor Lu

## Agenda

- Use "SPDX 3 JSON" instead of "SPDX 3 JSON-LD"
  https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/1008 --> 
- Include derived classes in Documentation
  https://github.com/spdx/spdx-spec/issues/1190
- Add Regulation class and conformsTo relationship
  https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/pull/1015
- 3 SBOMs failed validation in spdx-examples
  - https://github.com/spdx/spdx-examples/issues/102 - PR ready
  - https://github.com/spdx/spdx-examples/issues/116 - need PR - Gary to investigate
  - https://github.com/spdx/spdx-examples/issues/117 - need PR - Nisha to investigate

## Notes

- Updates:
    - Ilan working on converting issues to PRs,  planed for next week.  

## Include derived classes in Documentation

>   https://github.com/spdx/spdx-spec/issues/1190
>      - Illan willing to help this.   Help would be needed in Spec class repo. 
>      - Art raised, what should be present in the web site,  useful for part of spec?   Examples were NAK'd by Alexios.
>      - Link from documentation?  
>      - Website is generated from spec parser.   If not part of spec, doesn't get to website.    Some partial examples are there already - see security & AI profiles have examples.   Please see Alexious comments here https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/1012
>      - All the derived classes would make it overwhelming.   If we limit it to one level;  might be more tractiable.   Using website technology to selective view.   Illan has ideas on this.   
>      - Need Alexios on discussion.
>      - General agreement in the call first level down makes sense, and will be helpful. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://github.com/spdx/spdx-spec/issues/1190
- Illan willing to help this.   Help would be needed in Spec class repo. 
- Art raised, what should be present in the web site,  useful for part of spec?   Examples were NAK'd by Alexios.
- Link from documentation?  
- Website is generated from spec parser.   If not part of spec, doesn't get to website.    Some partial examples are there already - see security & AI profiles have examples.   Please see Alexios comments here https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/1012
- All the derived classes would make it overwhelming.   If we limit it to one level;  might be more tractable.   Using website technology to selective view.   Illan has ideas on this.   
- Need Alexios on discussion.
- General agreement in the call first level down makes sense, and will be helpful. 
```

Fix to render properly as a list.
